Welcome to the s.a.a challenge for this program I'm going to be using U.S. dollars and cents.
But feel free to use whatever currency system you're familiar whether you want to use the idea here
is you want to write a program that ask the user to enter the following.
Ask them to enter an integer representing the number of cents.
You can assume that the number of cents entered is greater than or equal to zero.
The program then displays how to provide that change to the user.
So in the US we have $1 100 cents a quarter is 25 cents a dime is 10 cents a nickel is five cents and
a penny is one cent.
So in this example suppose a user enters 92 cents your results for display that you can provide this
change as follows.
No dollars three quarters would be 75 cents a dime which would be another 10 cents that would give you
85.
The nickel is five.
There's your 90 and the two pennies there is your 92.
As I said feel free to use your own currency system.
Also think of how you want to solve this problem using the modulo operator when I give you my solution.
I have two solutions I'll have one without the modulo operator and one that uses the modulo operator.
So you can see two different ways to approach the problem.
Quick hint please don't just sit down and start coding this.
Think about how you want to solve it.
Write down some pseudo code that's English like statement so you can get your thoughts straight.
Figure out what your algorithm is where your steps that you want to use to solve the program.
So have fun.
Make sure you test your program.
Don't forget to test 0.
Don't forget to test large numbers and what I'm going to do isn't going to do a couple of sample runs
as you can see how this works.
So in this example it says enter an amount in sense so let's say I type in 92 cents and the program
responds.
You can provide change for this as follows dollars 0.
Three quarters one dime one nickel two pennies.
Just like we would expect.
As I mentioned Don't forget to test with zero and we should get all zeros straight down the line and
let's say we want to test this with 267 cents.
That's two dollars $2 sixty seven cents.
In this case we've got our $2.
We've got two quarters.
That gives us 50.
The dime gives us 60.
The nickel sixty five and the two pennies.
Sixty seven.
So there you two hundred and sixty seven cents.
All right.
So have a go at it.
And when you come back go to the solutions section or I'd go over my solution.
Good luck.